mcaffee IS malware
I love playing tapped out because it is fun to watch the town grow by earning money and buying buildings.  I love helping my neighbors, too.
I love this flashlight app!  It really illuminates the dark, very cool!  Get this app, you will love it, really!
One of my favorite games
Cute game. I am not that good at it but my kids are. We love Nik Wallenda!
Made me think , variety of the puzzles kept it fun to play. I am glad I gave this one a chance.  Looking forward to the next update
See the voice anytime my My favorite show
Not sure what else can be said about Norton products. I have used them for years on all my desk and laptop computers. Easy to install and protects my hard-drives well. Not sure I see what one of the other reviewers stated about upsells from Norton (haven't seen them yet even after almost 3 weeks of daily use). Anyway, if you are looking for Antivirus software that can be easily installed on three of your devices, this is for you.
Save your money and purchase a good (i.e. Norton) security for your PC. Too many issues with this version. I have not tried the newer editions since I was so burned by this one, but I do see where the latest edition is $20 cheaper than this one. So, if you are into gambling and want to try the more recent version, maybe they got rid of all the bugs and glitches in this one. I still would recommend looking elsewhere to protect your pc.
I always use Norton as my PC security application (have for over 10 years). I prefer it to most others as I have never had any issues with worms or viruses. Of course, this 2011 version is now outdated and I would recommend that the intended purchaser go with the 2013 version to be sure to capture all recent updates (I now how the 2013 version of this app already purchased and installed on my HP. Highly recommend the Norton as your security application.
I found the Roxio Creator to be too difficult to work with, with issues occurring on and off all the time (bugs for sure). I couldn't get the editing down on this application, so I was never able to fully utilize it. I did however, use it fo video transfers which did seem to work well. Anyway, in looking at the other reviews out here it looks like others have had the same troubles I have had. Maybe with the 2013 version Roxio might get it right, but steer clear of the older versions out there.
I had a trial version of Microsoft Office which came with my laptop, so I was in the market for the full blown version that would work with my Vista system. This product was easy to use and install and walked me throught the entire process. I would highly recommend to anyone.
It's a great game,like it has so many types of Dragons. Amazing
For the amount of money, the app is good. BUT the interface leaves a lot to be desired. I have it for Roku so not sure if it's the same on each platform. When doing certain things like searching through your shows, you have to go through every.single.one.of.them. to get to the show you want, instead of having each show in it's own section like other apps. Also, if you are searching through your shows and you click on it and then go back, you go back to the very beginning. When looking through 'recorded shows', you scroll through a ton then you can hit see more and again it takes you back to the beginning. The show selection is good and I am happy with that part of it but it gets old doing all the scrolling when they could improve the interface and make it a lot easier to see what you have to watch. Also, you cannot always find shows in the search section, it is odd and another one of Frndly's weird features.
Cheaper to buy the amazon upgrade versus paining Apple's high price.<br />to be honest I wonder at times why I do this every year. the features really aren't any better each year. I don't have a lot backed up but do have some.<br />I haven't hung a website up so why?<br />keeps an email available to me, my wife and daughter to communicate with. Yes I have gmail and hotmail but both have been spammed and taken over even w/ password changes.<br />so i pay the fee and upgrade thanks to amazon
fun app
not that good a much better app is  Cross Stitch World
Been playing in anticipation of a Vegas trip.  Both blackjack and slots.  Earning free buffet trips, discounted shows a d rooms without spending a dime.
Fun!!!!
Lot of fun but can be very frustrating only because I'm a Moron @ times while playing the game.Made me laugh @ myself and try harder.Just a fun SIMPLE. game.
